[CC][4.1.0] SOAP APIs support (SOAP --> SOAP : Passthrough) (#6080)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/deploy-api/deploy-soap-api-passthrough.md

# Deploying a SOAP API(Pass-through)  in Choreo Connect

> !!! attention "Update Level 90"

Author: have to update this accordingly, once the update is pushed

Author: Updated the level as 4 https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/6080/commits/a68a28d326d718c2cc992038177f7d9964b190c3

WSO2 Choreo Connect supports the deployment of existing SOAP and WSDL-based services exposed via the Gateway. The organizations that have SOAP/WSDL based services can easily proxy their existing services, while providing key features like API Security, rate limiting, observability, etc. without the cost of a major migration. 

You can deploy a SOAP API (SOAP to SOAP pass-through) in the following ways depending on the Choreo Connect **mode** you have chosen.

|**Mode**         | **Method**    |
|--------------|-----------|
|[Choreo Connect with WSO2 API Manager as a Control Plane]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/concepts/apim-as-control-plane/)   | [Via WSO2 API Manager Publisher Portal](#via-wso2-api-manager-publisher-portal)  |
|[Choreo Connect as a Standalone Gateway]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/concepts/as-a-standalone-gateway/)  |[Via apictl for Standalone Mode](#via-apictl-for-standalone-mode) |

!!! Note

>     This guide uses the [Phone Verify](http://ws.cdyne.com/phoneverify/phoneverify.asmx) from CDYNE as the backend here (WSDL: `http://ws.cdyne.com/phoneverify/phoneverify.asmx?wsdl`). You may use your own backend and continue with the same steps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This guide uses [Phone Verify](http://ws.cdyne.com/phoneverify/phoneverify.asmx) from CDYNE as the backend (WSDL: `http://ws.cdyne.com/phoneverify/phoneverify.asmx?wsdl`). You may use your own backend and continue with the same steps. 
```

## Via WSO2 API Manager Publisher Portal

Follow the instructions below to deploy a SOAP API in a Choreo Connect instance run with WSO2 API Manager as the Control Plane.

!!! info "Before you begin"

    This guide assumes that you already have a Choreo Connect instance configured to run with API Manager. If not,

>     - To start Choreo Connect with an existing API Manager instance, follow the steps mentioned in the [Using Choreo Connect Deployed on Docker with WSO2 API Manager Guide]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/cc-on-docker-with-apim-as-control-plane)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - To start Choreo Connect with an existing API Manager instance, follow the steps mentioned in the [Using Choreo Connect Deployed on Docker with WSO2 API Manager Guide]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/cc-on-docker-with-apim-as-control-plane).
```

    - To start a complete deployment setup that includes a WSO2 API Manager instance and a Choreo Connect instance already configured to work with API Manager, follow the steps in the [Quick Start Guide]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/quick-start-guide-docker-with-apim).

> ### Step 1 - Create a SOAP API using API Manager publisher portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1 - Create a SOAP API using API Manager Publisher Portal
```

Create a SOAP API Pass-through using the WSDL definition of your SOAP service by using the following steps.

> 1. Sign in to publisher portal and click on **Create API** .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign in to Publisher Portal and click on **Create API** .
```

2. Select **SOAP API** and click on **Import WSDL** . 
3. Then select Pass Through option as the Implementation type and choose the Input type as either **WSDL URL** or **WSDL File/Archive** depending on your SOAP service. 
    - Select **WSDL URL** and enter `http://ws.cdyne.com/phoneverify/phoneverify.asmx?wsdl` for this example.
4. Click **Next** to proceed and then enter the following details and click **CREATE**

    | Field   | Sample Value       |
    |---------|--------------------|
    | Name    | PhoneVerification  |
    | Context | /phoneverify       |
    | Version | 1.0                |
    | Endpoint| http://ws.cdyne.com/phoneverify/phoneverify.asmx|

!!! Info
    You may find more details on the above steps from [Create a SOAP API Pass-through using WSO2 API Manager Publisher Portal.]({{base_path}}/design/create-api/create-rest-api/expose-a-soap-service-as-a-rest-api/#expose-a-soap-service-as-a-rest-api)

> ### Step 2 - Deploy the SOAP API using API Manager publisher portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2 - Deploy the SOAP API using API Manager Publisher Portal.
```

> From publisher portal, Navigate to the API created in above step and deploy the API from **Deployments** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the Publisher Portal, navigate to the API created in the above step and deploy the API from the **Deployments** section.
```

Follow [Deploy an API]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/deploy-api/deploy-an-api/) guide to find more details on deploying an API.

### Step 3 - Publish & Invoke the API

After the API is deployed in WSO2 API Manager publisher portal, it gets exposed in the Choreo Connect gateway. You can invoke the API with a valid access token.

To invoke the API through WSO2 API Manager, you can follow the steps below.

> 1. Go to the publisher portal and select the API you just created in the previous steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the Publisher Portal and select the API you just created in the previous steps.
```

2. Navigate to the **Lifecycle** section and from there click **Publish** to publish the API.

> 3. Login to **Developer portal** `https://localhost:9444/devportal` and select the newly created API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Log in to Developer Portal via `https://localhost:9444/devportal` and select the newly created API.
```

> 4. Navigate to the Subscriptions page and subscribe the API to the default application visible as **DefaultApplication** with an available Rate Limiting Policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Navigate to the **Subscriptions** page and subscribe the API to the default application visible as **DefaultApplication** with an available Rate Limiting Policy.
```

5. Now go to the **Applications** and select **DefaultApplication**.
6. Click on **Production Keys** and then click **Generate Keys** with the default settings, to generate production keys.
7. Now go back to APIs and select your API and go to **Try Out** section from there. In the Try Out section you can get a Test Key with the **DefaultApplication** for production endpoint by clicking on **GET TEST KEY** .

> 8. Then you can invoke the API using the swagger console UI appear in the same page or you may use cURL to invoke it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Then you can invoke the API using the Swagger console UI that appears in the same page or you may use cURL to invoke it.
```

   

    !!! Info
        When invoking SOAP API (Pass through) via WSO2 API Manager, you will see a UI like below.

        [![Invoke Soap API]({{base_path}}/assets/img/deploy/mgw/invoke-soap-api.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/deploy/mgw/invoke-soap-api.png)

        Here you need to provide the values for following parameters.

        1. **SOAP Request (body)** - The SOAP request body that you will be using to invoke the SOAP endpoint (SOAP Envelope). 

>         For this example you may provide:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           For this example you may provide:
```

            ``` xml
            <soap:Envelope
                xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
                xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"
                xmlns:soap="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/">
                <soap:Body>
                    <CheckPhoneNumber
                        xmlns="http://ws.cdyne.com/PhoneVerify/query">
                        <PhoneNumber>18006785432</PhoneNumber>
                        <LicenseKey>18006785432</LicenseKey>
                    </CheckPhoneNumber>
                </soap:Body>
            </soap:Envelope>
            
            ```
        2. **SOAPAction (header)** - The SOAPAction HTTP request header field can be used to indicate the intent of the SOAP HTTP request. The value is a URI identifying the intent. If you are using SOAP 1.1, you must provide this value.

>         For example you may provide this as,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           For example you may provide this as,
```

            ``` uri
            http://ws.cdyne.com/PhoneVerify/query/CheckPhoneNumber

>         ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           ```
```

>            ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            ```
```

!!! Note

>     For more information on above steps, following guides will be useful. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more information on the above steps, go through the following documentation. 
```

    - [Publish API]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/publish-on-dev-portal/publish-an-api/).
    - [Invoke API]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/quick-start-guide-docker-with-apim/#step-4-invoke-the-api-from-publisher).

!!! tip
    If you want to invoke the using a test key API without publishing, you may follow the methods below.
        
    1. Via WSO2 API Manager publisher portal - [Test a REST API]({{base_path}}}/design/create-api/create-rest-api/test-a-rest-api/)
    2. Generating a Enforcer test key - [Enforcer Test Key Authentication]({{base_path}}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/security/generate-a-test-jwt/)

!!! tip
    In the above documentation, we explained the testing of SOAP APIs using `cURL` commands and WSO2 API Manager UI. If you want to test your SOAP API using a SOAP client like SOAP UI, you can read on [Test an API Using a SOAP Client]({{base_path}}/consume/invoke-apis/invoke-apis-using-tools/invoke-an-api-using-a-soap-client/).

## Via apictl for Standalone Mode

> The WSO2 API Controller (apictl) does not provide a straight forward method for generating a `apictl` project for SOAP APIs. However you can use a project extracted from the WSO2 API Manager(you may download the project for API created in above guide) or a sample swagger for SOAP APIs. This guide will continue using a sample swagger for SOAP API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WSO2 API Controller (apictl) does not provide a straight forward method for generating a `apictl` project for SOAP APIs. However, you can use a project extracted from the WSO2 API Manager (you may download the project for the API created above) or a sample Swagger for SOAP APIs. This guide will continue using a sample Swagger for SOAP API.
```

> The swagger definition for our `PhoneVerify` example as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Swagger definition for our `PhoneVerify` example is as follows.
```

        required: false
        type: string
      responses:
        "200":
          description: OK
      security:
      - default: []
      x-wso2-application-security:
        optional: false
        security-types:
        - oauth2
security:
- default: []
securityDefinitions:
  default:
    authorizationUrl: https://test.com
    flow: implicit
    type: oauth2
swagger: "2.0"
x-wso2-application-security:
  optional: false
  security-types:
  - oauth2
x-wso2-auth-header: Authorization
x-wso2-basePath: /phoneverify/1.0.0
x-wso2-cors:
  accessControlAllowCredentials: false
  accessControlAllowHeaders:
  - authorization
  - Access-Control-Allow-Origin
  - Content-Type
  - SOAPAction
  - apikey
  - Internal-Key
  accessControlAllowMethods:
  - GET
  - PUT
  - POST
  - DELETE
  - PATCH
  - OPTIONS
  accessControlAllowOrigins:
  - '*'
  corsConfigurationEnabled: false
x-wso2-production-endpoints:
  type: http
  urls:
  - http://ws.cdyne.com/phoneverify/phoneverify.asmx
x-wso2-response-cache:
  cacheTimeoutInSeconds: 300
  enabled: false
x-wso2-sandbox-endpoints:
  type: http
  urls:
  - http://ws.cdyne.com/phoneverify/phoneverify.asmx
x-wso2-transports:
- http
- https
```

> Following steps will show you how to create the `apictl` project, deploy it on the Choreo Connect gateway and invoke it using a test token, for our `PhoneVerify` example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps will show you how to create the `apictl` project, deploy it on the Choreo Connect Gateway, and invoke it using a test token, for our `PhoneVerify` example.
```

!!! Info "Before you begin"
    Please make sure you have completed [Download and initilaize]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/getting-started-with-wso2-api-controller/#download-and-initialize-the-ctl-tool) `apictl` and Choreo Connet is up and running in [standalone mode]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/cc-deploy-overview/#choreo-connect-deployment-options). 

### Step 1 - Initialize the apictl project

> Use the follwing command to initialize the `apictl` project. You may use the above sample swagger provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command to initialize the `apictl` project. You may use the above sample Swagger provided.
```

```bash
apictl init PhoneVerify --oas <path to swagger.yaml>

> ```

Reviewer 2: We can point to a sample soap api project which is hosted in product-microgateway samples folder.

Author: Added a tip, saying that we can use the project in samples directory to continue with the same steps.

It will create you a project with following file structure in the current working directory.

```text
PhoneVerify
├── api_meta.yaml
├── api.yaml
├── Client-certificates
├── Definitions
│   └── swagger.yaml
├── deployment_environments.yaml
├── Docs
├── Image
├── Interceptors
├── libs
├── Policies
└── README.md
```

### Step 2 - Set the project type as `SOAP`

In the `api.yaml` file of the created project, change the `type` as `SOAP`.

```yaml
data:
  ...
  type: SOAP
  ...
```

### Step 3 - Deploy the API

> Execute the following commands to get your API project deployed in Choreo Connect gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the following commands to get your API project deployed in Choreo Connect Gateway.
```

> Execute the following commands to get your API project deployed in Choreo Connect Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the following commands to get your API project deployed in Choreo Connect.
```

```bash
TOKEN=$(curl -X POST "https://localhost:9095/testkey" -H "Authorization: Basic YWRtaW46YWRtaW4=" -k -v)
```

!!! Info
    Refer [Enforcer Test Key Authentication]({{base_path}}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/security/generate-a-test-jwt/) to learn more on test key generation.

Execute the following cURL command to Invoke the API using the access token.

```bash
curl -X 'POST' 'https://localhost:9095/phoneverify/1.0.0' -H 'Content-Type: text/xml' -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" -H "SOAPAction: http://ws.cdyne.com/PhoneVerify/query/CheckPhoneNumber" -d @request.xml -k -v
```

A sample content for `request.xml` file referred in above cURL command looks like follows.

```xml
<soap:Envelope
	xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
	xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"
	xmlns:soap="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/">
	<soap:Body>
		<CheckPhoneNumber
			xmlns="http://ws.cdyne.com/PhoneVerify/query">
			<PhoneNumber>18006785432</PhoneNumber>
			<LicenseKey>18006785432</LicenseKey>
		</CheckPhoneNumber>
	</soap:Body>
</soap:Envelope>
```

## What's Next

> As the normal REST APIs, SOAP APIs will also supported with the basic features like Rate Limiting, Security, API Insights & Observability, etc. You may find more details on [Supported Features]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/supported-features/#supported-features) and respective pages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As in the case for normal REST APIs, SOAP APIs will also support the basic features like Rate Limiting, Security, API Insights and Observability, etc. You can find more details on [Supported Features]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/supported-features/#supported-features) and respective pages. 
```

> As the normal REST APIs, SOAP APIs will also supported with the basic features like Rate Limiting, Security, API Insights & Observability, etc.. You may find more details on [Supported Features]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/supported-features/#supported-features) and respective pages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the normal REST APIs, SOAP APIs will also supported with the basic features like Rate Limiting, Security, API Insights & Observability, etc. You may find more details on [Supported Features]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/supported-features/#supported-features) and respective pages. 
```

> # Deploying a SOAP API(Pass-Through)  in Choreo Connect

Reviewer 2: Extra space before in

Author: fixed in https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/6080/commits/48e6f33d655d7ae9595019f7b541f2128cc494a3

> # Deploying a SOAP API(Pass-Through)  in Choreo Connect

Author: ```suggestion
# Deploying a SOAP API(Pass-Through) in Choreo Connect
```

    - Select **WSDL URL** and enter `http://ws.cdyne.com/phoneverify/phoneverify.asmx?wsdl` for this example.
4. Click **Next** to proceed and then enter the following details and click **CREATE**

    | Field   | Sample Value       |
    |---------|--------------------|
    | Name    | PhoneVerification  |
    | Context | /phoneverify       |
    | Version | 1.0                |
    | Endpoint| http://ws.cdyne.com/phoneverify/phoneverify.asmx|

!!! Info
    You may find more details on the above steps from [Create a SOAP API Pass-through using WSO2 API Manager Publisher Portal.]({{base_path}}/design/create-api/create-rest-api/expose-a-soap-service-as-a-rest-api/#expose-a-soap-service-as-a-rest-api)

### Step 2 - Deploy the SOAP API using API Manager Publisher Portal

From the Publisher Portal, navigate to the API created in the above step and deploy the API from the **Deployments** section.

Follow [Deploy an API]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/deploy-api/deploy-an-api/) guide to find more details on deploying an API.

### Step 3 - Publish & Invoke the API

> After the API is deployed in WSO2 API Manager publisher portal, it gets exposed in the Choreo Connect gateway. You can invoke the API with a valid access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the API is deployed in WSO2 API Manager Publisher Portal, it gets exposed in the Choreo Connect Gateway. You can invoke the API with a valid access token.
```

                        xmlns="http://ws.cdyne.com/PhoneVerify/query">
                        <PhoneNumber>18006785432</PhoneNumber>
                        <LicenseKey>18006785432</LicenseKey>
                    </CheckPhoneNumber>
                </soap:Body>
            </soap:Envelope>
            ```
        2. **SOAPAction (header)** - The SOAPAction HTTP request header field can be used to indicate the intent of the SOAP HTTP request. The value is a URI identifying the intent. **If you are using SOAP 1.1, you must provide this value.**
           For example you may provide this as,
            ``` uri
            http://ws.cdyne.com/PhoneVerify/query/CheckPhoneNumber
            ```

!!! Note
    For more information on the above steps, go through the following documentation. 

    - [Publish API]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/publish-on-dev-portal/publish-an-api/).
    - [Invoke API]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/quick-start-guide-docker-with-apim/#step-4-invoke-the-api-from-publisher).

!!! tip
    If you want to invoke the using a test key API without publishing, you may follow the methods below.
        

>     1. Via WSO2 API Manager publisher portal - [Test a REST API]({{base_path}}}/design/create-api/create-rest-api/test-a-rest-api/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Via WSO2 API Manager Publisher Portal - [Test a REST API]({{base_path}}}/design/create-api/create-rest-api/test-a-rest-api/)
```

        security-types:
        - oauth2
security:
- default: []
securityDefinitions:
  default:
    authorizationUrl: https://test.com
    flow: implicit
    type: oauth2
swagger: "2.0"
x-wso2-application-security:
  optional: false
  security-types:
  - oauth2
x-wso2-auth-header: Authorization
x-wso2-basePath: /phoneverify/1.0.0
x-wso2-cors:
  accessControlAllowCredentials: false
  accessControlAllowHeaders:
  - authorization
  - Access-Control-Allow-Origin
  - Content-Type
  - SOAPAction
  - apikey
  - Internal-Key
  accessControlAllowMethods:
  - GET
  - PUT
  - POST
  - DELETE
  - PATCH
  - OPTIONS
  accessControlAllowOrigins:
  - '*'
  corsConfigurationEnabled: false
x-wso2-production-endpoints:
  type: http
  urls:
  - http://ws.cdyne.com/phoneverify/phoneverify.asmx
x-wso2-response-cache:
  cacheTimeoutInSeconds: 300
  enabled: false
x-wso2-sandbox-endpoints:
  type: http
  urls:
  - http://ws.cdyne.com/phoneverify/phoneverify.asmx
x-wso2-transports:
- http
- https
```

The following steps will show you how to create the `apictl` project, deploy it on the Choreo Connect Gateway, and invoke it using a test token, for our `PhoneVerify` example.

!!! Info "Before you begin"

>     Please make sure you have completed [Download and initilaize]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/getting-started-with-wso2-api-controller/#download-and-initialize-the-ctl-tool) `apictl` and Choreo Connet is up and running in [standalone mode]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/cc-deploy-overview/#choreo-connect-deployment-options). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [Download and initialize]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/getting-started-with-wso2-api-controller/#download-and-initialize-the-ctl-tool) `apictl` and Choreo Connect is up and running in [standalone mode]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/cc-deploy-overview/#choreo-connect-deployment-options). 
```

### Step 1 - Initialize the apictl project

Use the following command to initialize the `apictl` project. You may use the above sample Swagger provided.

```bash
apictl init PhoneVerify --oas <path to swagger.yaml>
```

> It will create you a project with following file structure in the current working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a project with the following file structure in the current working directory.
```

```text
PhoneVerify
├── api_meta.yaml
├── api.yaml
├── Client-certificates
├── Definitions
│   └── swagger.yaml
├── deployment_environments.yaml
├── Docs
├── Image
├── Interceptors
├── libs
├── Policies
└── README.md
```

!!! Tip

>     A sample API project for SOAP API (Pass-Through) is available in the [Choreo Connect GitHub Repository](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway). You can find it under `samples/apiProjects/SampleSOAPApi` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A sample API project for SOAP API (Pass-Through) is available in the [Choreo Connect GitHub Repository](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway). You can find it under the `samples/apiProjects/SampleSOAPApi` directory.
```

    You can deploy this project directly in Choreo Connect using `apictl` as explained in next few steps.

    Also don't forget to change the production and sandbox endpoints to `http://ws.cdyne.com/phoneverify/phoneverify.asmx` in `api.yaml` and `Definitions/swagger.yaml` files in the project. 

### Step 2 - Set the project type as `SOAP`

In the `api.yaml` file of the created project, change the `type` as `SOAP`.

```yaml
data:
  ...
  type: SOAP
  ...
```

### Step 3 - Deploy the API

Execute the following commands to get your API project deployed in Choreo Connect.

> 1. Add a Choreo Connect Environment to `apictl`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a Choreo Connect Environment to `apictl`.
```

    ```bash
    apictl mg add env dev --adapter https://localhost:9843
    ```

2. Log in to the Choreo Connect Environment in `apictl`
    ```bash
    apictl mg login dev -u admin -p admin -k
    ```

> 3. Deploy the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Deploy the API.
```

    ```bash
    apictl mg deploy api -f PhoneVerify -e dev -k
    ```

!!! Note

>     More details on above commands can be find the the documentation page [Managing Choreo Connect]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/managing-choreo-connect/managing-choreo-connect-with-ctl/) under CI/CD documentations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    More details on above commands can be found in the [Managing Choreo Connect]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/managing-choreo-connect/managing-choreo-connect-with-ctl/) page under CI/CD documentation.
```

### Step 4 - Invoke the API

After the APIs are exposed via Choreo Connect, you can invoke an API with a valid access token.

> Let's use the following command to generate a JWT to access the API, and set it to the variable TOKEN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's use the following command to generate a JWT to access the API and set it to the variable TOKEN.
```

```bash
TOKEN=$(curl -X POST "https://localhost:9095/testkey" -H "Authorization: Basic YWRtaW46YWRtaW4=" -k -v)
```

!!! Info
    Refer [Enforcer Test Key Authentication]({{base_path}}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/security/generate-a-test-jwt/) to learn more on test key generation.

> Execute the following cURL command to Invoke the API using the access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the following cURL command to invoke the API using the access token.
```
